# MEDIQA-CHAT-2023-NewAgeHealthWarriors
> Our team (NewAgeHealthWarriors) has worked on Task A[[2]](#2). This readme will help you understand the problem statement, repo structure, how to run the code and generate output file via notebooks and shell script. Please refer to [[1]](#1) for all the shared-tasks.

## Team Members:
1. Prakhar Mishra (prakhar.mishra@iiitb.org)
2. Ravi Theja (ravi.theja@iiitb.org)

## Tasks
- **Task A - Short Dialogue2Note Summarization**: generating a section summary (section header and content) associated with the short input conversation. Section header will be one of twenty normalized section labels provided with the training data. 

## Repo Structure
    .
    ├── img                   # Pipeline, etc diagrams showcasing the approach
    ├── intermediate_outputs  # Intermediate output files generated by pipeline steps
    ├── final_output          # Folder contatining final output for each run for taskA
    ├── src                   # `.py` files involved in solving taskA 
    ├── data                  # Folder contatining train/val/test datasets
    ├── LICENSE
    └── README.md
> Please Note:  The final output for each of run1 and run2 will be store in `final_output` folder. This is because the `outputs` folder is created automatically for storing the model artefacts when the training is done.

## How to run the task specific code and generate output file?
  1. Clone the Repo - `git clone https://github.com/prakhar21/MEDIQA-CHAT-2023-NewAgeHealthWarriors.git`
  
 > Running Bash Script - For TaskA
  _(Run each of the mentioned shell scripts in the order shown)_
  1. Run `. ./install.sh` or `source install.sh`            <sub>_#Will create the environment and install requirements.txt_</sub>
  2. Run `. ./activate.sh` or `source activate.sh`          <sub>_#Will activate the environment_</sub>
  3. Run `. ./decode_taskA_run1.sh data/taskA_testset4participants_inputConversations.csv` or `source decode_taskA_run1.sh data/taskA_testset4participants_inputConversations.csv`     <sub>_#Will execute RUN1 for taskA_</sub>
  
_Note: Incase of failure due to GPT-3 API call for max length, please re-run it the script again._

## References
<a id="1">[1]</a> 
Asma Ben Abacha, Wen-wai Yim, Griffin Adams, Meliha Yetisgen, Overview of the MEDIQA-Chat 2023 Shared Tasks on the Summarization and Generation of Doctor-Patient Conversations”. ACL-ClinicalNLP 2023.

<a id="2">[2]</a> 
Asma Ben Abacha, Wen-wai Yim, Yadan Fan, and Thomas Lin, An Empirical Study of Clinical Note Generation from Doctor-Patient Encounters”. Asma Ben Abacha, Wen-wai Yim, Yadan Fan and Thomas Lin. EACL 2023.

